Add documentation pertaining to metadata validation (#126)
CybercentreCanada/assemblyline4_docs: docs/installation/configuration/submission.md

!!! tip
    Refer to the [changing the configuration file](../config_file/#changing-the-configuration-file) documentation for more detail on where and how to change the configuration of the system.

## Metadata Validation

> You can configure the system to enforce metadata validation and presence when performing ingestion and archiving. This is a useful feature if you're looking to harmonize the metadata from different sensors under a common scheme.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure the system to enforce metadata validation and presence when performing ingestion and archiving. This is a useful feature if you're looking to harmonize the metadata from different sources under a common scheme.
```
Not a mandatory change, I just thought it would be a more generic word, in case someone had feeds from VT and MB, and wants to normalize them.

```yaml
validation_type: regex
validation_params:
  validation_regex: ^blee
```

So if you wanted to enforce the presence of a metadata field named `bloo` on submission and the value has to match that pattern, the configuration would be:

```yaml
submission:
  metadata:
    submit:
      bloo:  # Field name
        validation_type: regex
        validation_params:
          validation_regex: ^blee
        required: true # Mandatory field to be set on submission
```

The configuration also supports applying strict metadata enforcement, which means a submitter can't add new metadata that the system isn't aware of relative to the scheme:
```yaml
submission:
  metadata:
    ingest:
      INGEST: # "type" parameter when using Ingest API (default: INGEST)
        epoch:
          validation_type: int
        name:
          validation_type: text
    submit:
      name:
        validation_type: text
  strict_schemes: ['INGEST']
```

> In the above example, if you're ingesting files under the `INGEST` type, then you can only set the `epoch` or `name` metadata. If there are any additional fields other than those two then the API will return an error. However, you are able to add additional metadata fields when using the Submit API but the `name` field still has to be a string/text type.

Reviewer: Can we add a section regarding the `_default` type, which is going to apply differently than specific ones?

        epoch:
          validation_type: int
        name:
          validation_type: text
    submit:
      name:
        validation_type: text
  strict_schemes: ['INGEST']
```

In the above example, if you're ingesting files under the `INGEST` type, then you can only set the `epoch` or `name` metadata. If there are any additional fields other than those two then the API will return an error. However, you are able to add additional metadata fields when using the Submit API but the `name` field still has to be a string/text type.

A configuration that's specific to the Ingest API is the use of a `submission.metadata.ingest._default`. This configuration is used to apply baseline validation rules across anyone using the Ingest API, including those who might have their own validation scheme based on ingest type.

For example, in the following:
```yaml
submission:
  metadata:
    ingest:
      _default:
        owner:
          validation_type: text
          required: true
      INGEST: # "type" parameter when using Ingest API (default: INGEST)
        epoch:
          validation_type: int
        name:
          validation_type: text
```

> Someone who submits with `type: INGEST` has to have an `owner` field in their metadata of by `text` and can optionally provide an `epoch` and `name` meta. However, someone who submits with `type: TEST` only has to provide an `owner` field in the metadata for the validation to pass and for their submission to proceed to analysis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Someone who submits with `type: INGEST` has to have an `owner` field in their metadata of type `text` and can optionally provide an `epoch` and `name` meta which needs to be of the specified type. However, someone who submits with `type: TEST` only has to provide an `owner` field in the metadata for the validation to pass and for their submission to proceed to analysis.
```

I think the `by` is a typo, and I don't know if you wanted that second part just to clarify.
